---
layout: vonlayout
title: 97
effects: fade
---

A man is in a room. The room has a toilet, a button, a bed, a computer terminal, a locked door, and a gaping hole in the ceiling through which appears, occasionally, an eye. When pressed, the button opens a panel in the wall which provides food. The man has everything he needs, as a human animal, in order to live. The man writes at the computer terminal. He does not know where the words go. After a predetermined length of time, the door opens. The man investigates. Behind the door, he finds a beige box with a hole in the top. The man looks into the hole and sees a man living in the box. The box has a toilet, a button, a bed, a computer terminal, a locked door, and a gaping hole in the ceiling through which appears, occasionally, an eye. When pressed, the button opens a panel in the wall which provides food. The man has everything he needs, as a human animal, in order to live. The man writes at the computer terminal. He does not know where the words go. After a predetermined length of time, the door opens. The man investigates. Behind the door, he finds a beige box with a hole in the top. The man looks into the hole and sees a man living in a box. The box has a toilet, a button, a bed, a computer terminal, a locked door, and a gaping hole in the ceiling through which appears, occasionally, an eye. When pressed, the button opens a panel in the wall which provides food. The man has everything he needs, as a human animal, in order to live. The man writes at the computer terminal. He does not know where the words go. After a predetermined length of time, the door opens. The man investigates. Behind the door, he finds a beige box with a hole in the top. The man looks into the hole and sees a man living in a box.
