---
layout: vonlayout
title:  "Sunday"
date:   2024-09-29 08:07:00 +10
categories: blog
author: Casey Tonkin
---

Sunday morning. I fell asleep on the floor in front of the telly last night while watching *Mrs Doubtfire* (1993) with Sama. Woke up at around midnight and crawled into bed only to realise that Daisy needed to go to the toilet so off we went for a walk in the early hours.

Penelope woke us up at around 6am. Every day with her is a blessing. If we also have enough sleep that's even better.

What does today bring? Well, it's Sunday so we don't have to work and we don't have any real plans. We'll probably find somewhere indoors for bub to run around given it's a bit wet out and so we're less likely to go to the park.

Still unsure what to do with this blog. Just blog away I think. There's some dream of making money from it, perhaps. Charge people for access. Send a newsletter. I don't know. That's all a bit far ahead of where I'm at. For now, I just want to make the list on the <a href="{{ "/blog" | relative_url }}">blog</a> page look a little neater.

Let's plan a nice Sunday out. Rainy which isn't great.

<strong>Meal planning</strong>
<br>
breakfast: bread, yoghurt, fruit, eggs, coffee, milks
lunches: cheese, meat slices, spreads, salad veg, chips/nuts
dinner: roast, korean instapot chicken, nachos, tuna mornay

Okay, we're pretty well sorted for the week. Planning's done, shopping's done, roast brisket is in the oven. Never done a brisket before. Opted to follow the Aldi packet and bang it in the oven rather than a slightly more complex slow cooker recipe. Mostly it was a choice born of the fact that Penny's currently asleep and I didn't want to risk waking her with extra chopping and frying off. Plus if she woke up halfway through the prep that would be annoying whereas it took me no time at all to take the meat out of its pack, slap some oil and seasoning on it, pop it in a pan, and put all that into the oven. Easy as.

So that's where we're at. Now there's a couple of tasks I wanted to get done on this here webbed site:
<br>
<ul>
    <li>set up Obsidian templates and daily notes for easy blog writing</li>
    <li>create new section for the shuffle project</li>
</ul>
