---
layout: post
title:  "Why this?"
date:   2021-06-29 17:35:00 +1000
categories: jekyll update
author: Case Tonkin
---
I've been wanting to set up my own website for a while but never really had too much of the know-how or whatever and always found myself wanting to like I dunno make it on my own server and things because otherwise I'm just running a thing on Blogspot or Wordpress or whatever and instead of that I had a need or want to have more control over this.

So here we are. Been going through the <a href="https://jekyllrb.com/docs/step-by-step/01-setup/">Jekyll tutorial</a> and so yeah this is -- I have a website thingy and I'm controlling like the actual pages each by each on my PC before pushing them up to the GitHub repo.

From there GitHub Pages does the rest and hosts for me and maybe one day I'll even bother to get my own domain but I dunno if I can be bothered with that just yet.

Anyhow it's nothing too exciting and is just about the simplest way for me to have this amount of control without like actually having to configure a local server or pay for monthly hosting fees.

What would the domain be anyway? caseytonkin.com; casetonkin.com; vontonks.com; I dunno. Whatever. Doesn't matter.

One thing I do like is having the time and date at the top of the last update so I know when it was I clicked in or whatever. Who knows what I'm going to use this for but hey it finally feels like I'm carving out a tiny little space of my own somewhere on the internet and after actual decades of being an internet user that's kind of nice.