---
layout: Post
title: "untitled"
author: Casey Tonkin
category: blog
date: 05-24-2022
---

Tired again but that's not interesting. Thinking of a walk, but after I put a post up. Suddenly it's been a week since my last. That doesn't seem right but there it is, a post written last Tuesday night.

<a href='https://vontonks.github.io/blog/2022/05/17/all-i-need.html'>https://vontonks.github.io/blog/2022/05/17/all-i-need.html</a>

Where does the time go? My blood pressure feels high. I'm tired. What's happening?

I sat down tonight to write. My intention was to write a bit of a blog post -- the one you're reading now -- then head out with Daisy for a walk. But the rain's started again, 
the same torrent we've had for months now. Part of me just wants to go to sleep but I've not even been out of bed for 12 hours.

Sit upright, breathe, take a sip of tea.

Brain stuck.

Maybe I do need to go to bed after all, if not just to read for a bit. Perhaps actually I need physical activity. Can always drive to the gym and just lift some things for 
a few minutes. That might help. Graeme Simsion in hsi book <em>The Novel Project</em> has a nice list of creative principles which I've paraphrased here:

<ol>
<li>Physical activity helps creativity</li>
<li>One problem at a time</li>
<li>Try different combinations</li>
<li>Allow time for ideas to form</li>
<li>Solutions beget problems</li>
<li>There is always room for improvement</li>
<li>Give collaboration a chance</li>
</ol>

So with those things in mind, I'm going to go to the gym without headphones or anything -- just go and be there for a little while and then come back hopefully with some 
more impetus to actually get the ball rolling.
