---
layout: post
title: "Tuesday"
date: 2022-05-03
categories: blog
author: Case Tonkin
---

Alright. Uhh, I don't know what to talk about today. Have written a couple of stories for work -- was a busy kind of morning on that front as per usual for a Tuesday.

Quickly wrote up this one about Mike Cannon-Brookes's Grok Ventures buying an <a href = 'https://ia.acs.org.au/article/2022/mike-cannon-brookes-now-owns-11--of-agl.html'>11 per cent stake in AGL</a> which was fun. I saw the announcement come in last night and had a giggle at the man announceing like a half a billion dollar purchase and <a href = 'https://twitter.com/VonTonks/status/1521088700519657472'>mistagging the company's account</a>.

So that was okay. I've been tired but.

Then finished off a quick write-up of a <a href ='https://ia.acs.org.au/article/2022/a-surefire-way-to-quickly-lose-trust-in-a-brand.html'>Privacy Awareness Week </a>webinar thing which wasn't interesting but I got an okay-ish angle. The idea of them getting the new CEO of Services Australia -- an agency which was in charge of Centrelink during the Robodebt fiasco -- to talk about privacy and data governance is laughable.

Finally, I wrote a quick one on <a href = 'https://ia.acs.org.au/article/2022/smart-devices-should-have-a-security-health-label.html'>Standards Australia's latest report</a> which I'm sure Sama appreciated. Really ran with the angle that they want to add a cyber security label to smart/IoT devices and was lucky enough to find the government's done a bit of research into that themselves that I could draw on.

After we sent the newsletter I took Daisy for a walk while listening to the Sunny Podcast and then saw a roofer -- the latest in a long line of many -- who's had a squiz at the roof (which is fucked) and is sending out some tradies to fix it. I dunno, we've had so many people try and deal with this thing. It's such a nuisance. Plan still is to just move. We'll get there.

Thinking now about adding my Bullying Bot to this Github because Ben mentioned wanting to have a look at it. Couldn't hurt. Pretty simple stuff -- it's not a complicated thing.

What else is going on? Not much I guess. Haven't done any fiction writing today but hey that is what it is.

________

2022 fiction word count: 12,378
Today's effort: 0
