---
layout: post
title:  "1"
date:   2022-03-23 09:30:00 +1000
categories: [blog, 500-words]
author: Case Tonkin
---
Well I'm not entirely sure this is working typing straight into the browser version of GitHub. Trying out a new thing where I attempt to put down exactly 500 words of blogging each day.

These things rarely stick, when I’m like “I’ll go write a blog every day hurr hurr” and inevitably what happens is I simply don’t and then time passes and I look back to see a pile of half-finished projects strewn along the roadside of my life like so many starved carcasses.

So what do I want this to be? 

Well, I have been inspired of late by Cory Doctorow and his blog Pluralistic.

<a href="https://pluralistic.net/">https://pluralistic.net/</a>

The dude a science fiction author and technology writer so we have some affinities and plus also he does some interesting social comment-type things about economics and so on that fit with my own politics which again is a nice affinity.

But and so the thing is that he writes a blog like every day, as bloggers tend to do I suppose, but also has it across like a bunch of different media: a newsletter, rolled out on Twitter, on Mastodon, the website, and on Medium.

I’m sure it’s an automated process but I just like the whole casting a wide net thing, readership-wise.

Yeah and but I don’t know what the relevance here is for me. I just want to talk to the world a bit more.

Hello world!

What form would it take? I don’t know. That’s a bit tougher because I tend to be a bit of a formless person most of the time and the point of carving out my own little space on the internet is to be formless, free, and expressive.

So yeah. This is the blog I guess.

Honestly, it’s harder getting to 500 words than I thought but that’s okay because a blog is a blog is a blog.

Got some stories to write today as well. A couple more about fines for telcos who couldn’t reach the advertised speeds. Man, the NBN has been a fucking mess. Now we’ve got Comms Minister Paul Fletcher this week promising around $500 million for regional internet access. Mate, you’ve cocked this up for how many successive years as government and you’re still pretending like you a) know what you’re doing and b) haven’t been lying about the NBN for years? Get the fuck outta here.

Ugh I shouldn’t get annoyed about this stuff but I do and that’s just how it is.

Another thing I’d like to do today is get back to work on automating Twitter things. Specifically I want to automatically unfollow everyone because it’s too much. Then think about curating a more appropriate list of people to follow and match the number with how many people follow me. Balance in all things.

When I get that done I’ll put the code up here for people to see as well, I guess.

I dunno, I’m feeling inspired today what can I say about that?
