---
layout: vonlayout
title: 'Changes'
date: 2025-07-28 20:13:00
categories: blog
author: case
---
Hi there, No One.

Being like 10 months since the last blog about well, just kind of life and bloggy things.

Am back to try and talk through life changes. when I wrote the title of the blog, it made me think of the clips I keep getting fed of Yungblud covering <a href='https://youtu.be/oJZmO5mByVY?si=DN2W_eWzKjd0lBfq'>'Changes'</a> at the Black Sabbath farewell festival, Back to the Beginning.

Because I guess I'm going through changes too.

Been living in Adelaide for two months now. In my parents house some 30km away from the CBD. We're having a good time, but it's a story for another day.

The reason I've opened up this old clunky blog is to talk about my hands. Because they hurt! It's been going for a little while; gradually getting worse, the hand pain. I'm doing the right things to deal with it: went to the GP, have been seeing a hand therapist. Nerve compression seems to be the culprit. Posture related, we hope. A lengthy 45min/day of exercises, stretches, and so on.

Got myself a <a href='https://www.logitech.com/en-au/shop/p/k860-split-ergonomic'>more ergonomic keyboard</a>.

I was tempted to DIY a Lily58 but the simplicity and a quick trip to the shops beat the added complexity and wait time. 

But I'm still stuck with the problem that I use my hands like all the time. All. The. Time. And so much of my identity is writing and so much of writing is hands. I have good days and bad, but the overall lesson is I need to rest my hands.

Unfortunately, I've reached a point where if I don't write, I go crazy. But I can't write much because of my hands. So I feel down, and writing would help me feel better but I can't write much because of my hands. And so on.

So I'm trying to dictate. And tonight that means lying on my stomach in the study with my phone in front of my face using the little microphone button next to the iPhone keyboard.

It feels odd because the format has been wobbled. Like why do this in text If I'm just going to talk to my phone? I could just make videos doing this, I guess, and capture more detail about who I am and my context/setting/etc.

My hope is I can get to the other side of this patch and not feel like a really important part of me has died that I didn't want to die. But also, I need to learn to let go. And to bloody rest when I need to rest.

Until next time, No One.

case